# Final Project

1. I decided that I wanted to expand my original sketch I did on the Navajo interpretation of rain. I had a lot of fun creating that piece and the feedback I received from my classmates was really positive and they even had more questions on the concepts begin my piece. So, I wanted to expand my project by adding more conceptual information on what inspired my creative process. I included a really pretty timelapse of a rainy day in Monument Valley, UT on the Navajo Nation. Additionally, there are tabs viewers can select that will lead them to more information on the Navajo myth I was told as a child in regards to the first rain. I have also added a basic description of the Navajo emergence story and philisophical beliefs as well as the male and female logic we have of rain. In Navajo culture we recognize two forms of rain, male and female. Male rain is more associated with thunderstorms and torrential rain, often occuring during monsoon seasons. Female rain is more of a gentle, slow-moving rain, accompanied frequently by low clouds and mist. Additionally, Female rains are associated with the stirring of the seasons when spring rains bring the high desert to life - this is especially true in the Southwest where our ancestral lands are located. Like much else in our cultural beliefs there is duality introduced in rain and we recognize this equilibrium between the two forces, qualities, and characteristics to enable healthfulness, harmony, and beauty. I wanted to incorporate and share this knowledge visually in my sketch. My ultimate hope it that viewers can learn something new and walk away with a different perspective! 

[Here is the link](https://hshandiin.github.io/Final-Project/homepage.html)
